Migrate to a newer Tigris version and fix relevant tests (#1239)
FerretDB/FerretDB: website/docs/diff.md

   * database name cannot contain capital letters.

> 5. For Tigris, FerretDB requires Tigris schema validation for `msg_create`: validator must be set as `$tigrisSchemaString`.

Reviewer: While you are on it…

```suggestion
5. For Tigris, FerretDB requires Tigris schema validation for `create` command: validator must be set as `$tigrisSchemaString`.
```

`msg_create` is not something our users know about

   The value must be a JSON string representing JSON schema in [Tigris format](https://docs.tigrisdata.com/overview/schema).

> 6. For Tigris, if field represents a number, an attempt to set a string that represents a suitable number 

Author: @Fashander, I need your help to phrase it better :) Do you have a moment to help me with the wording? I can show you this case so that we can describe it better.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Tigris, if a field is represented as a number, any attempt to assign a string containing a number will pass as a number (e.g. "30" for int32 field)
```

> 6. For Tigris, if a field is represented as a number, any attempt to assign a string containing a number will pass as a number

Reviewer: ⚠️

The idea of that list of user-visible differences was to have a corresponding dance test for each item. Are we going to add that?

I would say we should not bother with it until we add MongoDB-style schema validation, so let's remove that item for now.

Reviewer: > The idea of that list of user-visible differences was to have a corresponding dance test for each item

Actually, please add a markdown comment above that list mentioning that

Author: @AlekSi sorry, I don't understand what should be mentioned where. Could you suggest a change, please?
If `dance` supports Tigris, let's add point 6, yes.

Author: fixed
